Doc for masking for windows source template (#4686)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/processing-rules/mask-rules.md

<p><a href="/docs/beta"><span className="beta">Beta</span></a></p>

:::note

> For masking logs for Windows Source Template please refer [this](mask-rules-windows.md) doc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document do not support masking logs for Windows source template. Refer to [Mask Rules for Windows Source Template](mask-rules-windows.md) to mask logs for Windows source template.
```
